"Six Raims, Whirl, Eh, What are you Tainting, in their own language, their own thongs, a word,
they will understand so that everyone will wake up as origin states, everyone, as bhudah,
bhudah, some of the bhudah wake up in the states, because we all have the same portage and same
nature, as well as the city, so therefore, really, we do compassion, we do bodhichitta,
we do commitment and devotion, chai, this grace, this again, very good, very chori practices,
also, when you chai, you can reflect the meaning that you have, it's not just the same,
all reflected to the teaching, it's directly pointing out teachings to all of us who chai,
it's very powerful, so rugged, so strong, so clean, so brilliant, and go to the heart of the really
,
the nature, or the heart of the obstacles, all negative emotions, obstacles, and handedness,
handedness of obstacles of our joy and peace, of well-being in the performance now, and handedness
in obstacles for our relationship with our hope, so it's obstacles now, it's obstacles
future, so if we can uproot it, liberate it, that it does go into a diversity, as the teaching said
,
then, that's an absorptive practice, that is known as fearless, so chai yogi, yogini,
oh, what tourism was, then yogini, what tourism, oh, we are getting towards our negative emotions,
we've been the troublemakers so long for us, and now we really uproot like that, it does for me,
that so is wonderful, and thank you, thank you very much everyone for what is speaking,
krahi delay is the best wishes to you all, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.